Improve documentation for restoring database from snapshot (#3620)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/howto-backup-and-restore-in-aws-rds.html.md

Apply these changes with the following command, and then the restore is finished!

Please be aware that if you changed the file path in the previous step, remember to change the code below.

```
gds-cli aws govuk-<environment>-admin aws route53 change-resource-record-sets --hosted-zone-id ${next_hosted_zone_id} --change-batch file:///var/tmp/update_dns.json
```

## Step 12

To see the changes to AWS Route 53, Log into AWS Console > Route 53 > Hosted Zones > Check the Public and private link to <environment>.govuk-internal.digital and search for the restored DB.

-----------

## How to Delete a Database Instance

> PLEASE BE CAREFUL WHEN EXECUTING THIS COMMAND AS IT CAN NOT BE UNDONE

Documentation - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/rds/delete-db-instance.html#delete-db-instance

The command below will delete a database instance, this is only to be used if there is an error with the current deployment of the replacement database or once created you've restored a database from a snapshot, you may also need to delete the old database.

> The command below will creates a DB snapshot before the DB instance is deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
The command below will also create a DB snapshot before the DB instance is deleted. If you don't want this, omit the `--no-skip-final-snapshot` parameter.
```
